today I'm in the luxury captain of the
South of France called as your knees and
just look at that beautiful scene here
along the promenade des anglais being
miss promenade what else behind me live
a days own angels babe
today I'm delighted to be cooking with
Shantanu Blanc a young Padma chef who
runs the historic restaurant Shawn
Claire at the Negresco Hotel with one
Michelin star we'll be turning up the
heat with some seriously bold Negresco
creations first of all start with
longest in prawns and the vehicle ket
garnished with an emerald green pea stew
made with tangy rocket lettuce instead
of basil next we're going to take Moog
lungs while European bass with fresh
asparagus quinoa and delicious pommes
soufflé last my favorite this sir had
blood green apple made with caramelized
sugar this signature Negresco creation
looks more like a sculpture family sir
so join me Ashley James for another
exciting adventure of cruising culture
here in the beautiful South of France
I'm chef Ashley James when I'm not
catering to the demands of stars in LA
I'm turning the world cooking with
culinary geniuses take your bomb a
passport
and learn how to cook like a master chef
and eat like a celebrity
buon apetito Bon Appetit
I shot the Diablo took over the kitchen
of the mythic Negresco hotel back in
2007 like OSHA jean-denis is a wide
network of suppliers the boy will be on
the Sunday morning like this almost
everyone who cares about food on the
Riviera is gathered here chefs farmers
Merchants and home cooks I've always
hear what these means rumor head to the
famous Marcia for living can mr. De Rosa
war
togusa I be able Neto we re
so in the hotel every floor when you
arrive has its own theme when you go
into each of the wings you have
different themes in art and here for
example we're on the 18th century you
have a causeway Bechet an original which
is very rare with this beautiful develop
in the 18th century and a lot of Asian
pottery because in the 18th century the
French did a lot of traveling to Asia
and brought back and decorated their
salons with that
so here you are in the pompadour suite
on the fifth floor of the hotel danègre
scope everything is decorated in the
Louie the 15th style because as you know
a pompadour was one of the mistresses of
Lilith 15
here we're in the royal salon which is
the heart of the hotel above me we have
a chandelier made by back right in the
early 20th century ordered by the last
Tsar of Russia nicholas ii who actually
ordered two at the time one of which
made it to russia and you can find it
today in the kremlin this one never made
it because of the the revolution that
broke out in madame when she found it in
Monto the 1980s you have sixteen
thousand eight hundred back right
crystals around you have the glass dome
which is gustav I fell from the Eiffel
Tower who built but this one the hotel
was built in 1912
today we'll be starting relaxing prawns
in a veal head croquette garnish with a
typical Provence an emerald green pesto
made with tangy rocket instead of basil
Here I am today in Nice of the beautiful
Negresco hotel with Chef John Denis of
his beautiful one-star Michelin
restaurant the restaurant Sean clam so
what are we going to be doing a very
classical French dish Du Bois veal head
cheese as we say in English this dish in
France is very common you can have it in
brasseries but in a very rustic form
today what john tony has made with it is
a very refined version of the veal head
like a pet devote one of the components
of the dish is a garlic cream so John
Dean who's going to peel the garlic so
we've been putting about five six pieces
of garlic very simply into a pan with a
little bit of cream so I'm going to put
20% of this cream which is 200
milliliters in the pan so the garlic
we're gonna put very simply into the
cream so we're going to be cooking that
for about 30 minutes on a slow heat
until all of the garlic is very softly
cooked so that's great the creme de I
the garlic cream is working but so the
next thing we have to do is the famous
piece to sauce so for the piece through
here we have some beautiful rocket with
choosing a few of the beautiful leaves
which we're going to use at the end of
the garnish so here we have a pan of
water that we're just going to bring up
to the boil I'm going to put a little
bit of salt in it
amid the sell the garlic cream that
looks pretty good so the water is
boiling and now we're going to blanch
this beautiful arugula to make the piece
to be stew is really just a French
version of pesto
tradition is made with basil with
parmesan olive oil and pine nuts but
Jean de lis is using a very simple
version she's just going to be blending
back in the blender with a little bit of
this amazing local olive oil it's very
very simple
olive oil blanch the arugula what to be
better so what do we have so the garlic
cream look at that look how beautiful
that looks there
it's delicious garlic cream which we're
also going to blend it what are we
missing
notice you seen where the language teen
humble do dance up all day so come on
we're going to go to the the fishmongers
just arrived then we have all these
beautiful boxes of fish so let's go and
check it out come on Yvonne
- oh wow and this is where you receive
all this beautiful fish no machine is
some better beautiful lunga see look at
that that is amazing and what do we need
for the neva liubov wow that is such a
beautiful fish just look how firm the
flesh is you can't get much fresher ma
that's really uh just really do great
look at that so let's go back to the
kitchen and where we're going to prepare
this beautiful langoustine
so we're going to take off the shells
there we go
on face I'll do it all right way that
car so we're just gonna take this one
you can see look how look how fresh that
is I mean it is amazing
okay pass up very good beautiful so he's
just going to trim up these beautiful
lung machine devein them as well we're
gonna roll the language teams up come on
wait okay so there we have these three
beautiful rolled language Dino's little
bit of salt in purple so we know lightly
roast these language seen in the pan
with the beautiful olive oil and then
we're going to be finishing it them off
with this amazing butter and this butter
is actually seasoned with demon
desperate espelette pepper which comes
from the Basque region so Jean de T is
gonna turn the the longest in in the pan
that looks really good nicely roasted
morel around there all those natural
sugars coming out
they're naturally a beautiful color but
when this espelette pepper Ivalo to make
them even more golden beautiful
so these delicious tetravaal croquettes
I'm going to put them in the fryer 180
degrees Celsius until they're golden
brown the delicious golden brown on the
croquettes so we're putting a little bit
more Escalade butter on them give them a
nice shine and more flavor great so I'm
going to put this over here so we're
gonna mix this delicious cream Jeanette
said it all beautiful there we go
so Jean de T is blending the garlic
cream and making a delicious foam on the
top beautiful that looks great yeah
I don't like it thank goodness good
honest good a mousse complimented you
know that's really beautiful
very detailed
so on so next the piece to put is to
beautiful l-3 lock on my disposal here
at the do-deca
so that is the wheel head head Google
Crockett the sound of the pillow she has
to take that exam just gonna take the
toothpicks at least beautiful language
team
what an elegant place I really like that
presentation little bit of arugula the
Dahlia lasagna or finishing is shown to
last year let's taste it it looks so
good I can't wait
voila
the sweetness of the longest ear that
nice spiciness EMU estimate delicious
from Maine coast Reubens highly praised
fish the European bass is going to be
taken with fresh asparagus quinoa and
delicious pommes soufflé so this
beautiful fish they call it bar here in
France and it's actually a sea bass that
comes from the Atlantic delicious really
beautiful the first thing is we're going
to take the asparagus we're going to put
four pieces of sparkers to cook
according in the boiling water salted
water so
all right so this amazing you know SC or
we're going to be doing is cooking it
with a little bit of chicken stock
approximately for 20 minutes until all
that you can stop evaporates so here we
have this amazing Atlantic sea glass
jean-denis is going to be making a
fillet
it's a beautiful piece efficiency just
how fresh that is of
so
so we're gonna be cooking this fish we
often say it's very important to feed
the food so he's basting it with the
amazing olive oil so the asparagus
cooked beautifully we're just going to
refresh them in some iced water so as
you can see
jean-denis has just sliced the potatoes
on the meat slicer and the word that he
uses that they should be like in PS PS a
coin a money coin we're going to fry it
at a hundred and fifty degrees Celsius
in the oil so as you can see five
minutes in the fryer and the potatoes
look like that very light and crunchy on
the outside and in the middle nothing
but they're the famous french foam
souffle okay so the take of the fish out
of the pan and now we're going to reheat
the asparagus those delicious asparagus
in the same pan where we cook the fish
with just a little extra olive oil
lightly coating the asparagus with you
the sea does play with oil so you know
on once this really cool soup out to the
Kanoa we have here that we cooked
earlier with the chicken stock case
gonna lie on the cigarettes a chive
chervil and past it
it's a little bit more of lemon or the
last minute gives it a good lift lots of
freshness great so I'm going to put this
delicious you know I want me to quinoa
dollop silicon
back on so there we have a delay
delicious hub you know over the lemon in
the mall compacting it down a little bit
they will finish with the fleur de sel
it's a nice crunchy texture a little bit
more olive oil the beautiful asparagus
the bar the Atlantic sea bass you the
function let them suffer is slow only
around a visa thanks Levi - it is area
beautiful so the finishing touch with
the pommes soufflé dunk look at that
beautiful dish so at last I'm going to
try this dish
Sakho sadhana Busha person
without fish in your margins with
crispiness of the skin and the moist
flesh really very delicious
here we are in the old part of Leestown
at the flower market no marshal Fleur
you can find pretty much everything
spices herbs candies the finest freshest
fruits it's all great and just look at
all these beautiful fruits all these
local fruit confit Candide with sugar
and the majority these fruits they've
all come from the local region the truth
is I want to try them all
wow that is so good
Bonjour Sava guess kilauea jose castillo
de menthe this was what do you have
that's typical from nice that I can try
yeah okay of course love onions hmm
hmm
don't really go I do how can you not
come to nice and not try a pea salad
yeah the traditional nice style bread
yeah very good bye bye thank you bye bye
see you later
bye hey what a knockout way to end the
meal I had blue and green apple made
with caramelized sugar pastry chef pays
it with a refreshingly tangy Greymon and
also oh babe
as you all know I just love this and I'm
here in the very capable hands of a
Zhang Zhang the priest you chef here at
the Negresco hotel basically it can be a
delicious blown sugar green apple filled
with anise puma green apple with some
streusel with a green apple sorbet this
sounds really cool delicious I love it
so we have a cooked sugar so it's
basically sugar and glucose which is
being cooked to 170 degrees Celsius
jean-charles has added a little bit of
green coloring and then he pulls the
sugar so this guy is the expert he's
going to now blow with this device here
an apple very similar to an artisan
would blow glass joint Vichy water so
he's making a small round ball the size
of a small warmup it's going to cut it
off
so it's very important he's sticking the
two sugars together so he needs to heat
it up to the sugar melts they all stick
and now as you'll see he has a small
ball at the end of the palm massager the
moji s hopefully he's gonna gently
squeeze the pump to depth in to inflate
and just look at that how amazing that
is
I don't there I don't know what voila
he's moving it all the time when out
just as a glassblower would do with
glass was she born I met you she should
if you want okay so there we go
look at that beautiful Apple well it's
actually around glass ball
oh my that's what you aren't blue well
uh people F&E he's moving it so it loses
its temperature cools down a bit on the
Bucks what wait there the sugar is
starting to set hard and crunchy issues
you know voila
on big boom when I compete did BC so
there we go we're gonna cut the sugar
ball away from the pump
take some other patients to do this
I'm sure he's broken many of them we're
going to come back to the Apple so the
next thing we need for the recipe is yes
puma this boomer really means foam in
english so we're going to make the foam
so fresh sharp all set up here we have
some cream them so we're going to heat
the cream
we'll use one and a half fresh granny
smith apples and then we're going to
blend this apple with the cream so there
we have a granny smith apples a little
bit of water our second them do a
prepare 50 grams of water what I'm going
to do for Jean Charlot is I'm gonna
blend the apples with the water
like oh so here we have to blend it up
or with a water has been blended I'm
going to strain that so John charlie is
heating up the cream and what he's going
to do he's going to add the agar-agar
and the sugar to the cream then we're
going to mix it with the apple juice
great there we go the end it off here
roll up I'm Sam so it makes a little bit
of the apple juice / puree with the
agar-agar and the sugar this delicious
mixture now we're going to chill it so
the next thing we're going to do is some
caramelized apples flame with Calvados
so I'm going to peel this Apple for Jean
Charlotte we're going to cut it into a
brunoise which is small cubes so as you
can see the warm pan the clarified
butter and the blue-eyes Apple you know
so to them - golden brown so there we
have the apples nicely serve it with a
part of the sugar and finally the best
bit of the recipe I love Calvados okay
when you go anywhere voila a flan
okay so obviously be careful if you try
to do this at home this one here is
really good the green half of the
Calvados the sugar the caramel I'm
getting hungry up put this Apple to
chill a little bit and now John
Charlie's going to finish this amazing
Drina Apple
so he's going to heat the circle with a
blowtorch
the position vector so as you can see
the very hot circle anakata
Oracle and it's made this beautiful
clean cut
look closely looks like an apple that's
really beautiful
so the next thing is this loop
which also is killing the Apple 2/3 for
with the s warm up the Apple is format
and spreading it to make sure it covers
all the inside areas next isn't with
some of the delicious caramelized from
Big Apple
unscrew the screw self-report over to
plastic or maybe maybe there'll be some
some Oh
you
Green Onyx or way I'm called a Palmer a
bit more I hope so
Zhang Xiao what can I say it really is a
beautiful desert I think it comes from a
very classical combination you look at
the Apple you look at goose true so you
have very common to server but apple
crumble but that is that is a vision in
ceramic um some go look at this go away
very cottagey on oh yeah the golden
coast of France so with the gold mantle
that looks beautiful that golden touch
the copper zero what can I say what a
beautiful elegant dessert and I'm going
to go to the restaurant and try that
with a chef it's a finish off my
beautiful stay here at the hotel
I want to thank you so much for the
recipe now see Adriana porchetta Mircea
ano based on
good less chef what can I say thank you
so much again
such a beautiful hotel the Negresco the
amazing restaurant the Xiang player a
great glass of champagne here on the
quad as you this is Ashley James cuisine
culture and I look forward to seeing you
soon for another exciting episode
somewhere on the planet
Cheers salut
Richard Murcia
the recipes tips and information about
today's program visit us online at
you
what a great appetizer that was now we
going to do the main course in the
microwave
Oh